EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/breadcrumbs/breadcrumbs_cookbook.md

# Breadcrumbs cookbook

## Configuring breadcrumbs for custom routes

> To configure breadcrumbs for your custom route you need to add some configuration to this route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure breadcrumbs for custom route you need to add additional configuration to this route.
```

``` yaml hl_lines="5 6"
custom_blog_index:
    pattern:  /blog/index
    defaults:
        _controller: AppBundle:Blog:index
        breadcrumb_path: custom_blog_index
        breadcrumb_names: Blog List
```

> This configures a custom route for the `BlogController::indexAction` action in your controller in `routing.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example shows how to configure a custom route for the `BlogController::indexAction` action in your controller in `routing.yml`.
```

|Option|Description|
|--- |--- |
|breadcrumb_path|Needs to be a valid route name which exists in at least one of the routing YAML files|
|breadcrumb_names|Key for the translation. This name that will be shown in breadcrumbs. If the translation is not set, there will be a fallback to route translation.</br>In the example above if the `Blog List` key has no translation, then the fallback key would be `custom_blog_index\|breadcrumb`|

#### More advanced usage of routes

If you want breadcrumbs to have more items than just one, you can specify more paths and names with the `/` delimiter.

> In the example below when breadcrumbs are generated there will be two elements (Profile and Blog list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below when breadcrumbs are generated there will be two elements (Profile and Blog list):
```

``` yaml hl_lines="5 6"
custom_blog_index:
    pattern:  /blog/index
    defaults:
        _controller: AppBundle:Blog:index
        breadcrumb_path: silversolutionsCustomerDetail/custom_blog_index
        breadcrumb_names: Profile/Blog List
```

!!! caution

>     There is a limitation when using this route generator. You can provide paths only if the corresponding action in the controller has no required parameters. There is no way of passing any parameters to the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using this route generator you can provide paths only if the corresponding action in the controller has no required parameters. There is no way of passing any parameters to the action.
```

## Writing a breadcrumb generator

> ### Write a generator class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a generator class
```

> First, write a generator class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a generator class.
```

> It needs to implement `BreadcrumbsGeneratorInterface` that only has two methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It needs to implement `BreadcrumbsGeneratorInterface` that has two methods.
```

</service>
```

## Additional data in `translationParameters`

`translationParameters` contains additional data which can be used to change the behavior of the breadcrumbs depending on the stored data.
Every `BreadcrumbsGenerator` has to add an array with `type`, `identifier` and `content_type_id`.

> Always create all the keys and leave the elements empty if not needed. Examples from some `BreadcrumbsGenerators`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always create all the keys and leave the elements empty if not needed. Examples from `BreadcrumbsGenerators`:
```
